welcome to Linus tech tips make sure you
guys subscribe for our I think awesome
maybe you think it's awesome to daily
tech videos today we're going to be
checking out the ducky shine mini a 60%
size keyboard with a whole lot more
under the hood than initially meets the
eye
cooler master Neptune series CPU coolers
are available in a variety of radiator
sizes to perfectly suit your next build
click now to learn more despite the as
expected excellent build quality with
you know it's a aluminum housing and
stuff right off the bat there was some
stuff I really didn't like about the
shine mini some things are good you can
use the function modifier to access your
f keys volume control arrow keys print
screen etc but it's tiny layout means
that it has to make the best possible
use of the keys that it has and I really
felt like not having a function key on
the left hand side requiring a function
modifier to access escape and having
Tildy as the main layer over there and
the placement of the arrow keys in the
second layer on the right directly above
the lone function key so you can barely
get both hands in there we're pretty
serious since then I put on my actually
doing reviews instead of just hating on
things based on initial impressions hat
and checked out the stuff that came in
the box turns out you get a plastic dust
cover you get a key cap remover you get
a warranty card you get some replacement
laser etched key caps and ah yes the
manual turns out ducky thought of
everything that I just bitched about you
can use those replacement key caps and
some really neat reconfigurability of
the keyboard to change the escape key
functionality add a contextual menu
button swap the priority of delete and
backspace add another function key
wherever you want on the bottom row as
long as you don't override both of your
controls both of your alts etc and
change the win at the Internet lock key
to something a little more useful like
function or control friggin awesome
we're off to a good start here now the
setup process for
this is not as intuitive as I think
ducky would like to think it is it
definitely requires some trial and error
the manual or the kind of intimacy with
the functionality of your keyboard that
only certain people will ever have but
if you've got a reference in front of
you it's pretty quick to set up and even
then it's not the kind of thing that
you'll need to do often anyway just hold
function alt H to enter the ducky
advisor setup mode and the appropriate
keys will be eliminated Q quits the mode
and if you press anything else it'll
guide you through the reconfig process
using illuminated numeric keys to change
modes freakin awesome again and I
haven't even touched on lighting yet
it's a ducky shine so of course there
are lights and this time it's not just
single color lights we get dual LEDs in
each key switch that can operate alone
or blend it together for a pretty
satisfying variety of colors you can
change modes with function alt G from
100% backlit with any blended color
you'd like just adjust each led by
holding Z or X to reactive typing with
the same independent LED brightness
controls too reactive mode with
randomized colors actually really like
this one too tripping balls mode also
known as completely random effects on
every key all the time
two wave mode which is pretty
self-explanatory two color cycling mode
which just cycles through every
available color to finally off mode
which if you're using on a ducky shine
is basically bad and you should feel bad
one last landing mode is the custom mode
which allows you to use the LED in the
caps lock key to determine what color
you're setting then assign individual
colors per key you can save to
user-defined schemes here that you can
recall using functional V or B which
leaves us with the final feature one
that I intentionally glossed over at the
beginning of this video and expected to
give exactly zero cares about because
when Nick told me about it I was like oh
but actually it ended up being one of
the my favorite features on this
keyboard the mouse emulation key block
hold function and use WASD to move the
mouse cursor around you can also with
nearby Keys press left and right click
and you can actually swap those around
with ducky advisor if you prefer you can
even move the scroll wheel up and down
the only unfortunate thing that's
missing is
you can't middle click the scroll wheel
but the acceleration curves are well
tuned and overall it works surprisingly
well this whole review was done on my
laptop without touching the trackpad or
a mouse and without getting frustrated I
used my keyboard for all my mouse
movement now we just need a wireless one
for immediate PC users so conclusion
time then it's a ducky so that means you
get all the things that go along with
that there's stellar reputation for
build quality genuine Cherry MX key
switches no software required for
configuration of any of its
functionality which means everything it
does works on any OS any time but that
you can't really fine-tune things like
if I wanted trip balls mode to leave off
out of the randomize pattern for example
but all that ducky goodness comes with
one big caveat here you need to decide
if a 60% is right for you you get the
extra desk space especially on the right
side where you move your mouse with the
ergonomic benefits that are associated
with having your arms closer together
but you lose convenient access to a lot
of keys on your keyboard that you might
find yourself missing at least for a
while while you're still getting used to
it speaking of getting used to things
deals aren't hard to get used to and boy
howdy have we got one for you today
today's video is sponsored by master op
and they worked with ducky to bring you
guys an awesome deal that is live right
now on the ducky shine mini in this
video you can get it with cherry MX red
or blue switches or for a limited time
with the very unusual Cherry MX clear
switches now I'm sure most of you have
heard of mash drop by now but if you
haven't you should definitely check it
out their site that facilitates group
bys for a wide variety of products many
of which are PC and audio related they
work directly with manufacturers and
distributors to guarantee that you get
the best price available on brand new
stuff and they ship to as many countries
as the manufacturer will allow they have
two options to buy you can buy in at any
price or you can commit to buy and only
confirm your order if the drop gets
enough orders to reaches lowest price
and to top it all off mass drop is even
giving away a ducky shine mini to one of
our lucky viewers just sign up using the
link in the video description
yeah I'm not going to read that out and
you will be entered to win if you're
already signed up for mass drop just
leave a comment below this video
mentioning either a product you would
like to see me review next or a product
that you'd like to see on mass drop and
you will be entered to win winners will
be contacted by mass drop on October
25th so thank you to master up for
sponsoring this episode of Linus tech
tips and be sure to head over there and
check out their ducky shine mini mass
drop if or excuse me
drop if it looks appealing one last
thing though because this review of a
ducky product features a deal on a for
mention product and a parent conflict of
interest I feel like I should clarify
the arrangement mass drop not ducky
sponsored this video and they did so at
a flat rate rather than on a sales
commission basis our obligation is
simply to explain the benefits of mass
drop in general and we get no extra
payout if you guys buy keyboards or
don't buy keyboards or whatever else so
I hope that helps thanks for watching
guys like this video if you liked it
dislike it if you disliked it leave a
comment letting me know if your feelings
are more complicated than this and also
to enter that giveaway guys also check
out the other link in the video
description to support us you can give
us a monthly contribution you can buy a
sweet t-shirt like this one or that last
one right you can change your Amazon
bookmarks one with our affiliate code so
we get a small kickback whenever you buy
I don't know
dry erase markers thanks again for
watching and as always don't forget to
subscribe